Update subqueries.md (#3787)
duckdb/duckdb-web: docs/sql/expressions/subqueries.md

For example, we can use it to figure out if there are any grades present for a given course:

```sql
SELECT EXISTS (FROM grades WHERE course = 'Math') AS math_grades_present;
```

| math_grades_present |
|--------------------:|
| true                |

```sql
SELECT EXISTS (FROM grades WHERE course = 'History') AS history_grades_present;
```

| history_grades_present |
|-----------------------:|
| false                  |

> > The subqueries in the examples above have made used of the fact that you can omit the `SELECT *` in duckdb, which would be required in other SQL implementations but cannot fulfil any purpose in `EXISTS` and `NOT EXISTS` subqueries.

Author: ```suggestion
> The subqueries in the examples above make use of the fact that you can omit the `SELECT *` in DuckDB, which would be required in other SQL implementations but cannot fulfil any purpose in `EXISTS` and `NOT EXISTS` subqueries.
```
